Initial setup (#1)
wois-org/papelillo: README.md

# Papelillo

Papelillo is a library to wrap and manage mailing lists, so you can create/update/delete mailing list and subscribe/unsubscribe members to these lists.

You only need to set your provider's credentials in the config file and start to manage your mailing list without configure http calls, ensure urls or dealing with tricky configurations. Use your time in the business logic of your app.

> With Papelillo you can separate in other layer the management of the mailing, so if you decide change the provider or use the implementation for multiples app you don't need to change your core code.

Reviewer: Is this correct? Should be "for multiple apps"
```suggestion
With Papelillo you can separate in other layer the management of the mailing, so if you decide change the provider or use the implementation for multiple apps you don't need to change your core code.
```

## Supported Providers

> * Mailgun: Papelillo.Providers.Mailgun

Reviewer 2: maybe would be good to add a list of all the possible providers here with a checkbox, so that it helps to keep track about what's implemented and what would be eventually implemented, also for other people using this library, they would see immediately if their provider is supported or not, something like
```
[x] Mailgun
[ ] Gmail
[ ] Mailchimp
```

## Installation

> If [available in Hex](https://hex.pm/docs/publish), the package can be installed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The package can be installed
```

by adding `papelillo` to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

```elixir
def deps do
  [
    ...other,
    {:papelillo, "~> 0.1.0"},
    ...other
  ]
end
```

## Configurations

```elixir
config :your_app, YourApp.MailingList,
  provider: Papelillo.Providers.Mailgun,
  api_key: System.get_env("MAILGUN_API_KEY"),
  domain: System.get_env("MAILGUN_LIST_DOMAIN", "domain.xyz"),
  base_url: System.get_env("MAILGUN_BASE_URL", "https://api.eu.mailgun.net/v3"),
  http_client: HTTPoisonMock #If you want to simulate custom http responses

```

## Usage

> We recomend create a module to implements your business logic and consume the funcionality of the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to create a module that implements your business logic and consume the functionality of the library.
```

```elixir
defmodule YourApp.MailingList do
  use Papelillo.MailerList, otp_app: :your_app
  
  def some_action_create(some_params) do
    ###Some code and business logic
    create(name, description, address)
  end
```

> The "YourApp.MailingList" must be equals to the config files Papelillo sections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

## Testing

> By default Papelillo have a happy path test, if you want to test provider failures scenarios need to add in your test.exs file in the papelillo's section the key "http_client" where the value must be the http mock that you have like HTTPoisonMock and then you can add expects in your test to simulate bad responses or something like that.

Reviewer 2: I think this can be rephrased to something like,

```suggestion
By default Papelillo have a happy path test, if you want to customise your tests scenarios you can override `http_client` with your own in your Mock module in your test configuration file.
```

If you don't set the http_client key in the config, the library uses a http_mock that simulates right responses from the provider.

> Documentation can be generated with [ExDoc](https://github.com/elixir-lang/ex_doc)
> and published on [HexDocs](https://hexdocs.pm). Once published, the docs can
> be found at <https://hexdocs.pm/papelillo>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
